Changing Default Hostname (optional)

If you did not assign an elastic IP prior to launching the instance, or you have a custom hostname you would like to use, you will need to login to the Web Admin UI and configure the Hostname parameter manually (inside the Server Settings section). You may either use an IP address or a hostname here, although it is strongly recommended that you use a hostname since your clients will depend on this setting to be able to know where to connect to.

Note: If you leave this setting as the default, NONE of your clients will be able to connect to your VPN server since by default it is set to a non-routable (private) IP address!

Changing Default Timezone (optional)

The default timezone is set to US (Pacific - Los Angeles). If you reside at another timezone and you would like to change this setting, run the following command (you will be asked what timezone you would like to set):

sudo dpkg-reconfigure tzdata

The system will show the new local time after this setting is configured.

Disabling the Lock Out aka (bootstrap) account (optional)

In the setup wizard, you were prompted to create an initial username and password that allowed you to login to the Admin Web UI. This username and password combination will always be active disregarding its status in the "User Permissions" area. This might be undesirable if your server is facing the Internet since anyone who has this username and password combination will have full administrator rights to change any setting on your Access Server Admin Web UI. After you have created a secondary administrator account in the Admin Web UI, you may disable this lock out account by following the steps below:

Enter the command: sudo nano /usr/local/openvpn_as/etc/as.conf
Press the Page Down key on your keyboard and scroll down with your Down arrow key until you see entries starting with boot_pam_users.
Put a # sign before the entry correlating to the bootstrap username you have created previously. Usually this is the boot_pam_users.0= entry. DO NOT put a # sign before the boot_pam_service entry. Doing so will cause unexpected behaviors in your VPN server.
Press CTRL+O, and then press Enter. Then press CTRL+X to exit the editor.
Restart the VPN server by entering the following command: sudo /etc/init.d/openvpnas restart
You may choose to reenable this feature at any time by removing the # sign from the aformentioned file and restarting Access Server.

Disabling Source / Dest Check for VPN Instance (recommended)

If your VPN setup consists of a site-to-site setup between your cloud instances and your machines on-premises, you will need to disable source destination check protection on Amazon, otherwise routing will not function properly. To do this, right click on the VPN instance, select Change Source/Dest. Check and make sure the status is Disabled.

Updating Operating System Software (recommended)

From the time we have generated the appliance and the time you have downloaded and are using the appliance, many operating system updates might have became available. To make sure your appliance operating system is up to date, execute the following commands:

sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get upgrade
